Copyright (c) 2009 Tomas Salfischberger, John Resig

== Origin ==

This plugin jQuery is created by Tomas Salfischberger based on the
Micro-Templating concept developed by John Resig.

Original idea: http://ejohn.org/blog/javascript-micro-templating/
Latest source: http://github.com/celerity/jQuery-fromTemplate-plugin

I have developed this plugin as a clean method to apply the concepts of
Micro-Templating to our jQuery based online crm tool <http://celerity-crm.nl>.
The plugin allows separation of HTML markup and the Javascript code loading the
data. This makes creating maintainable AJAX applications easier.

The plugin differs from the original code example created by John Resig in the
following ways:

 * Created as a jQuery plugin (obviously)
 * No use of "with(obj) { }" to avoid variable naming conflicts
 * Applied a small fix to handle single-quotes (from the blog comments)
 * Split the rendering and generating functions to create a better overview
 * Reformatted some parts to keep it readable

== Usage Example ==

Check out example.html for a basic example of how to use this plugin in your
own pages.

== Configuration options ==

You can set the "modelName" property to chose a different name to bind the data
to in the template rendering. The "templatePrefix" property determines the
prefix used in template IDs.

== License ==

MIT-licensed (as the original code by John Resig):

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell  copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the  Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

